Overall Comments
Dear Group_0318 Members,

Thanks for your submission, please pay attention to the following notes in order to improve your project for phase 2:

The size of your classes are generally reasonable. Good job on that!

Good job with conforming to naming conventions and consistent style of coding! Keep up the good work for phase 2!

There are a lot of static methods in your program. Some of them are unnecessary, for phase 2, please revisit your code
and get rid of nontrivial static methods.

Though I can see some comments in your code, some of your classes such as Screen don't have a single line of comment
or Javadoc. Please try to write more comments for phase2.

A good programming practice would be proper packaging of the classes. I suggest you do that for phase 2 as well.

Please write a more detailed README file for phase 2. This file should contain an explanations about all of the
functionalities of your program, input, and output files, etc.

Nice welcome text! There is a logistics question: what would a new user (a person who does not have an account)
do when he/she first interacts with your program? There should be some guiding notes in the README or the program
that guides the user to request the bank manager in order to open an account.

I got an exception when I wanted to transfer some money to a non-existing user account and when the program said:
Username not in system try again, enter'e' to Exit Type username of person you would like to transfer account to"
and I entered 'e', it threw an exception. Please test all the functionalities of your program for phase 2.

The system doesn't tell the user whether the transaction was successful or not when he/she withdraws money.
Please fix that in phase 2.

Restocking the machine by bank manager cannot happen through your program. It would be good to write directions
on how to restock the machine etc, in the README file.

Processing account creation request also puts the program in a halting situation.

By taking a quick look at your TransactionReversal and methods such as "AssetAccountTransferInReversal" or
"AssetAccountTransferOutReversal", I see a lot of duplicate code. Please take proper measures to resolve this
code smell in your program.

Nice use of inheritance in your program. For phase 2, try considering interfaces as well.

Looking forward to your next submission!

All the best